Daz: Hey, Beth.
Daz: Oh.
Daz: Maybe my audio's not hooked up right.
Joe Beda: I can hear ya.
Daz: Oh, okay.
Joe Beda: Yeah, my… like, the minute I dial in, my sister calls, so… Of course.
Joe Beda: I can't talk now, I got important shit to do.
Daz: Yeah.
Daz: There are rules. This is not known.
Joe Beda: So, Ben, how's the, how's the house going? You're all camoured up, apparently?
Joe Beda: Your audio's off, man.
Gabe: No, it's true.
Daz: No microphone.
Joe Beda: I know.
Ben Pfaff: Is that working now?
Gabe: Yeah. Yes.
Daz: Yes, it is. Yay!
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, yeah, so, it's funny, the microphone was working fine earlier today, who knows? But, yeah, yesterday I set up the outside cameras, and today, these guys have been, like.
Ben Pfaff: re… redoing the sewer lateral, which is something that Oakland requires when you sell a house, and it's the responsibility of the seller.
Ben Pfaff: But there was… I don't know, there was some goof, and I couldn't do it before the sale was finished, so…
Ben Pfaff: So, like…
Ben Pfaff: A dozen times an hour, I get a notification saying there's some unknown person walking through the yard.
Ben Pfaff: And when I look, they're carrying, like, some 50-foot pipe, you know?
Joe Beda: They're stealing it, obviously.
Joe Beda: If it were copper, they would be.
Ben Pfaff: And apparently, one of my neighbors is mad because they're making noise.
Joe Beda: What are you gonna do?
Joe Beda: Well, I got a letter in the mail over the weekend that our house up on Orcas that, you know, we've had for, I don't know how long.
Joe Beda: Had a permit that was opened in 2018 and was never closed before we bought the place.
Ben Pfaff: It's now.
Joe Beda: It's our responsibility to pay, like, $1,500 to, like, close it out, and we need to do some work on the house to do it. And I'm just like, isn't this, like, what title insurance is for? So I don't know what's gonna happen there.
Gabe: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Sounds like it to me.
Joe Beda: It's just like.
Daz: I know she's actually a sprint.
Joe Beda: Houses are such a pain in the ass in so many ways.
Ben Pfaff: Oh my god.
Daz: Because title insurance is just a way for people who can grift and pay the legislature to have a legislator sign stuff that forces you to spend money on title insurance when nothing has changed from when the house sold 2 years ago, yet they're going to charge you a fixed amount.
Joe Beda: I mean, how do you know.
Ben Pfaff: They have the right to sell the house. If it sold you, it doesn't own it, then I think that's the main thing.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to say that I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: But I'm from Greece, but I'm from Greece, where the statement title insurance already is music, because this assumes a land registry.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… So did she do anything…
Kostadis Roussos: You know anything about Greece, it doesn't actually have a nationwide land registry.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, neither does the U.S.
Joe Beda: It's county by county, but still, it's…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, let me say this differently, but it does exist, right? There are property laws. You can open up a map that is in the county that says, this is where the boundaries of the land are. You can, within… those things are set by some government agency, whether it's a local community county that says, this plot of land exists. Such a thing does not exist in Greece, anywhere.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so the way you have to prove ownership is through a convoluted, essentially, chain of custody through a sequence of documents.
Kostadis Roussos: So, this whole fancy titles… Insurance!
Kostadis Roussos: Sounds very, you know, off guard and modern.
Kostadis Roussos: But it warms my heart to know that the grift works here, too.
Kostadis Roussos: So, here, it's a different grift, but at least there is a grift, so it warms my… my Grecian heart to know that the grift is still powerful, even with all of your fancy schmancy laws.
Kostadis Roussos: and documents and rules and hypotheses. I feel… I feel heartened and relieved, sort of as if the world itself works in natural ways.
Ben Pfaff: Well, their main job is to act as a trusted third party in the transactional protocol of swapping two things, you know? One person has a pile of money, another person has a house, and they hold it, and then they hand them to the other people.
Joe Beda: No, that's not tied.
Daz: That's an escrow company, that's not the… that's the escrow, that's not the title company, and some title companies do escrow, but…
Ben Pfaff: It's normally the same… same people.
Daz: the title insurance that I'm…
Joe Beda: No, but, like, this stuff changes state by state. Like, my sister's a real estate attorney in Illinois.
Joe Beda: And in Illinois, pretty much everything is facilitated.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, are you from Illinois?
Joe Beda: What's that? Yeah, I grew up outside Chicago.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God, I knew it. Like, did you see how he said Illinois? Like, nobody but people from Illinois say it the way he said it.
Joe Beda: Illinois.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, but it's.
Joe Beda: Ow.
Kostadis Roussos: It's, like, particular twangy boy.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Joe Beda: I mean, well, you should hear my sister talk, she's like, let's go shopping at the mall.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, yeah, that… you don't ever say it, right? It wouldn't be clear, like, you never ever…
Joe Beda: with long A's, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah. Illinois.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, that, that… it was way… way more…
Joe Beda: My mom was like, let me wash your clothes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I now know where the accent came from. Hallelujah, a mystery of my goodness.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, my mom does that too. Grew up in southern Michigan.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so, when last we met, our heroes had made progress in their murder mystery. Let me send you an update to your murder mystery clues. You can skim to the very bottom.
Kostadis Roussos: I hope, Daz… Gotcha.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just go see where that document is,
Joe Beda: Your audio setup is a little muffled, Costatas, just FYI. Where are you now? You look like you're…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm in my cabin, so… I'm in my cabin.
Joe Beda: Wait, usually when you're in cabin, it looks different, so I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, because usually it's at night, and today it's not dark.
Kostadis Roussos: We haven't done it in the… we haven't done it in the fall in the wild.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't done it since before Broadcom was Broadcom.
Kostadis Roussos: VMware was part of Broadcom out of the abyss, okay.
Gabe: I think it's muffled because he's on his phone, rather than Zoom audio proper.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that is… that is unfortunately the truth.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, try cranking up the volume, but I don't think there's much I can do.
Joe Beda: No, it's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, don't.
Joe Beda: I mean, we can understand you, it's just a little muffled, that's all.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: At least I can. I don't know about you all.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I can understand, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Joe Beda: So I got my daughter programming with Claude today. I finally convinced her to try it. She's like, oh, I'll have it implement a snake game. I'm like, be a little bit more ambitious, right? It can one-shot something like that, right?
Joe Beda: And so she's having it write a…
Joe Beda: rendering engine for Vulkan and Metal that allows it to render to both images and to the screen, so actually operate headless, written solely in C.
Joe Beda: that is up to her standards, and I'm like, alright, let's see how it does. And she's like, damn, this thing's useful.
Joe Beda: And I hate it. She's like.
Joe Beda: going through the coping of, like, oh crap, this thing totally changes everything and I don't like it.
Kostadis Roussos: My son has become an artisanal programmer.
Joe Beda: That's what I told her, I'm like, handcrafted artisanal code. We're like, what are you gonna, like, go drink a latte with oat milk while you're, like, you know, coding up by hand?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you, my son… my son's rejected… my son's rejected… my son has rejected the AI coding. He says, I prefer to code the old-fashioned way, when you had to think through every line of code carefully and thoughtfully.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I mean, you know.
Joe Beda: Or you could get a bicycle and move faster.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, to be fair, that's on his personal pride project. The stuff that they're doing at school, where they had to program… they had to program… no, this is pretty funny, they had to program
Kostadis Roussos: a device, and the device had a particular programming language that they didn't understand very well, and that was poorly documented. And rather than trying to figure out how to program it, they told Claude to go figure it out. And so Claude would keep banging its head at the documentation and the language until it figured out how to write the code and use the libraries correctly, and they were like, yeah, this is way easier.
Joe Beda: And then it immediately forgot it, so you spend all those tokens next time to do it again.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Well, no, they ended up with a surplus of tokens one year, as I said, and they decided that what would you do with a surplus of tokens if you're a bunch of under the high school kids?
Kostadis Roussos: No, not what you would think. They converted it all to Fortran.
Ben Pfaff: What?
Kostadis Roussos: They took their entire codebase and had GLOD regenerated in Fortrad, and so they run…
Joe Beda: My other kid has a fascination.
Kostadis Roussos: was…
Joe Beda: ERT monitors.
Joe Beda: She thinks they're awesome. We went to this resale store, and she has this, like, enormous… and I'm like, we couldn't get rid of those things fast enough. And then she moved into a studio apartment, and she's like, oh shit, there's no room for these things, and I'm like, yeah, so now they're in my fucking garage.
Ben Pfaff: Yep, sounds about right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, oh, by the way, so I put the, latest, Candleteep murder mystery arc in the,
Kostadis Roussos: directory, so you should be able to access it. Let me just make sure the permissions are set correctly. You don't have to read through… you can read through the whole thing if you want, but, hold on, let me just… I just realized I hadn't made it accessible. Alright, so it's accessible, but Part 4 is the latest, and it has the… it has the most cumulative
Kostadis Roussos: Date of the affair is at the very end. I did review it for correctness, so it should be correct.
Kostadis Roussos: I admit, I admit, I used a lot of prompting to produce this, because frankly, if I had to do this and all the rest of the things I do, I would have no time. But I did try to review it, at least for correctness.
Joe Beda: I mean, it's the type of thing, is that, like, we're playing a game, whatever the AI does is now canon, so, you know, just roll with it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep, hold on.
Joe Beda: You thought you killed.
Kostadis Roussos: No, thank you.
Joe Beda: You didn't, so now it's back. AI said so, you can't argue.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I actually view hallucinations as an opportunity for creating lots more fun and lore.
Kostadis Roussos: So, don't, don't… you… you do not appreciate, perhaps you do not appreciate how much I enjoy these hallucinations. But they're like, huh, that's a crazy idea. I would have thought of… I would never have thought of that. Let's go with it!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so I can feel, whenever I do that, I can feel hundreds of AI theoreticians and practitioners screaming at me in horror.
Kostadis Roussos: You do not understand!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, but I do, haha, that is the problem. I do very much so. All right.
Gabe: Boom!
Gabe: That's cool.
Joe Beda: So, Nora, my youngest, is starting an internship next week with Adara.
Joe Beda: who's doing, sort of, like, virtualization for containers, a new Type 1 hypervisor type thing, or… I think they started doing some KVM stuff, too, but…
Ben Pfaff: Hypervisors will never take off.
Gabe: Why?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so where were we? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so, Dragum finally returns from the, the discussion, the talk, which apparently had taken everybody by storm. It had been an extraordinarily popular event.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, guys, what, what did you, what did you find out while I was out?
Kostadis Roussos: So you can briefly give them the summary of the events.
Kostadis Roussos: Daryl jumps in and says.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that Daz is a… and I'm sorry, I think Thorin is a fantastic investigator, an absolutely astonishing investigator, and his charming partner, Don Bringer, is a stunning, absolutely stunning…
Ben Pfaff: Man.
Ben Pfaff: Lighting on a partner.
Kostadis Roussos: If you were going to die in a few hours, you too would lay it on, as thick as necessary.
Kostadis Roussos: But Greg, I'm sincere here, I am told that you, too, could cast Lesser Restoration?
Ben Pfaff: This is true.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, I don't mean to be rude, but would somebody be willing to just restore me for a second, and just, you know, a quick, lesser restoration? The clock is ticking.
Ben Pfaff: What do you think?
Kostadis Roussos: date.
Ben Pfaff: What… sorry, what… what happened to… to… what… what is the problem?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Mr. Gregam, I, you know, as a cleric of Muhammad, and might I say that your entire position on the quadrangle issue was, in fact, a brilliant insight that has dramatically transformed the.
Ben Pfaff: No, no, I mean, what, what am I?
Joe Beda: So here's the deal.
Ben Pfaff: am I restoring?
Joe Beda: So, he, the book that was, we believe, delivered the poison.
Joe Beda: he took it back because apparently he gives a gift, and then decides if the person doesn't appreciate it enough, he should take it back. And in doing so, he actually, licked his finger, and then licked the book, and then licked his finger. And so now, we suspect he's poisoned, and that he will…
Joe Beda: die at midnight, whatever midnight might be. Now, here's the thing. I'm gonna help him out, or you can help him out, but in the meantime, we want to secure his, his cooperation as we continue the investigation.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, oh, okay. So.
Kostadis Roussos: Plenty of time. From your research, you know that there's plenty of time to heal him.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, hey.
Kostadis Roussos: There's no…
Ben Pfaff: In due time, my dear, in due time.
Joe Beda: And it's… and there's… patients that, like.
Joe Beda: He'll take off at the first chance, and, like, we'll know, like, have a hard time finding him, he'll avoid us, and won't be cooperative.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, oh, this…
Ben Pfaff: Actually, didn't we have somebody like that with our party anyhow? Did we already send him away?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's the same guy.
Gabe: Congrats.
Kostadis Roussos: No, stop.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, so also Fember arrives, and he's, like, he's, like, feels like he's, he's, like, passionate, and he's, he's just kind of goes, Gregor, that was fantastic!
Ben Pfaff: Why, thank you. I do my best.
Kostadis Roussos: And he starts…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he pulls out a small set of notes. Now, I took some notes, and I have some of my own theories. I was wondering if you would be willing to.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, yes, please, deposit them, with my, with my secretary, and I, I, I indicate, Glavigal.
Kostadis Roussos: Glavagul, he hands it over to Glavagul. Does Glabagul turn it into acid, or carefully put it into the bag of holding?
Ben Pfaff: It, it, I'll leave it up to him.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Gladbagool looks at it and goes, this is not nutritious.
Ben Pfaff: It's never stopped him before, but I…
Kostadis Roussos: Great substitute.
Ben Pfaff: Accept his verdict.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, this is not food. He goes, pauses, he goes, I remember when there was cheese, perhaps if we had some cheese.
Kostadis Roussos: Fembris is kind of, like, crushed, the way that, you know, a person who shows up at that
Kostadis Roussos: shows up at that TV producer with a script, and then the TV producer says, leave it with my secretary, and the secretary puts it on the pile that goes directly into the trash compactor.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, that's supposed… that part of it is supposed to be, you know, Subarosa, but the fact that I'm, you know, adding it to the pile, that's evident.
Kostadis Roussos: The group was like, okay. Right. So Femidor says… Femador then pauses for a minute, says.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, thank you, thank you, Mr. Graham. It's such a wonderful, such a wonderful… and if you ever… I would be delighted to write a monograph with you. Perhaps we could… we could write some notes together.
Ben Pfaff: I think you might misunderstand the term monograph.
Ben Pfaff: It's… it's a work that has one author.
Kostadis Roussos: A duograph, perhaps, then.
Ben Pfaff: That's possible, yes, a dual log.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, or perhaps an autograph where I'm acknowledged?
Ben Pfaff: Perhaps, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: If there's…
Joe Beda: Dialogue.
Ben Pfaff: There's always room in the, acknowledgement section.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. I'll produce a draft by tomorrow.
Ben Pfaff: Excellent, excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, the, the alpha who was, sitting at the, door, coughs.
Kostadis Roussos: Femador goes, oh, yes, the investigation. Pauses, looks around, and says, where are the four of you?
Kostadis Roussos: Who were the rest of you? I didn't see you in the talk.
Gabe: Just real quick, a meta question, and this may be the AI being fascinating, or maybe something I missed. Under where you're picking up next, it clarifies that Alcris… or, well, no, it doesn't. It says the Dragonborn Thief.
Gabe: Did we actually establish that, by implication, Alcrist is the thief?
Gabe: We think he poisoned, given the evidence, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yeah, so the, the, the, the, let me just, let me just double check. Let me just, double check.
Kostadis Roussos: Nibbles, I think, says.
Kostadis Roussos: Nibbles is the one who witnessed an arrival that Loven missed. He says a huge lizard's skin came in, made a mess.
Kostadis Roussos: Then Elkrist is a Dragon board.
Gabe: Oh, I missed that part.
Kostadis Roussos: So when, when, so, yeah, so that was… that's why that… the nibbles… Nibbles the squirrel.
Kostadis Roussos: So when you came back, and you guys all shared all of your information, I'm assuming that happened, and that's how you all get this, Daz, when he went to see… Daz, when he went to see Nibbles, found out that, Nibbles, the squirrel, had seen the, dragonborn squirrel.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I'd seen the lizard-skinned person.
Gabe: So, okay, in the timeline, so after death, then the Dragonborn went in, and then left, and then went back in, and then left? Or… as the…
Kostadis Roussos: So the day… so on the day the murder happened, right?
Kostadis Roussos: On the day the murder happened, before the dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: which should, thorin confirmed that the gift, whatever it was, was given at the dinner.
Gabe: Yeah, got that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so before the dinner, There was some evidence that the.
Joe Beda: Wrapping had been tampered with.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And so… and so, so, at 2.30 PM, the day of the murder, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Allay went to see Loven at the Oak Tree Apothecary.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? Then you ask for fresh fennel for indigestion.
Kostadis Roussos: Then, while Oven was helping Allay in the garden.
Kostadis Roussos: Alcrist showed up, or a Dragonborn, whom you think is Alcrist, showed up.
Kostadis Roussos: And… picked, collected the poison.
Kostadis Roussos: Or collected whatever was in that jar and created a mess.
Gabe: Okay, so if you were still alive at the time, contract.
Kostadis Roussos: Janus, you would say…
Gabe: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Janusi was still alive. So Janusi, the timeline of the murder that you've been able to establish through all of your investigations is that Janusi's fine, he shows up at the dinner, he picks up the book, he goes to his room, he starts reading his book.
Kostadis Roussos: He gets infected, gets… you know, poisoned.
Kostadis Roussos: Before he dies, the other guy shows up and takes the book.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he dies at midnight.
Gabe: Right, so when we say the thief, we mean he went in
Gabe: While the distraction was occurring to steal… something.
Gabe: Yeah. But then someone still came back after Genuzi died, And…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, this is… so Alcarus is the guy who stole the… who you believe created the mess in the apothecary. That's what you believe. That's what I mean by thief.
Gabe: Okay, that threw me off. Okay, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, yeah, yeah, sorry, sorry. He is the guy who stole the… who showed up in the apothecary and broke something. Yeah, he's not… he's… you have no evidence as to who was the thief.
Gabe: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Timeline-wise, we know that… Probably the person that committed the murder, Well…
Joe Beda: We don't know, but, but, like.
Joe Beda: Delivering the poison was a separate action from going in and, you know, removing the heart and stealing stuff from the safe and the locket that was around his neck, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And so, the other piece of evidence, just to make some dots connect in your heads, is that the sapphire, remember, is the thing that you use to summon the key.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, somebody stole the locket, and somebody stole the sapphire, but if you have the locket, you don't need the sapphire, right?
Daz: Right.
Joe Beda: But you could use the sapphire to recover the locket.
Kostadis Roussos: If somebody else had it.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So that further lays evidence that the person who stole the sapphire and the person who sold
Kostadis Roussos: Block it are not the same person.
Joe Beda: Well, why? I mean, not necessarily. I don't see how that follows.
Kostadis Roussos: do this on the lottery.
Joe Beda: And then they were afraid that somebody used the sapphire to actually recover the locket that they just stole, so they stole the sapphire also, so that they actually…
Kostadis Roussos: But here's a detail. As long as you're in possession of the locket, they can't steal it from you.
Kostadis Roussos: As long as you're alive in possession of the locket.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, the sapphire only works…
Joe Beda: Oh, you can't steal it out of, like, somebody's inventory or whatever?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they're in possession of it. You can't… you can steal it. So…
Joe Beda: I'm sorry, my mind's still, like, I've been listening to Dungeon Crawler, so, like, Carl, so, like, the whole stealing for, like, the esoteric rules and everything.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so yes, the spell… S.
Kostadis Roussos: So… So, you have a few more people you could choose to interview.
Ben Pfaff: I'm… I'm interested. We… we still have a… that… that locked safe, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Which lock saved?
Ben Pfaff: Well, okay, the… at the end of this document, it says, open threads, Elkris lock safe, unopened.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes. When, Daz… when, when Glavagul and…
Kostadis Roussos: what's his name? And Glavo Gould.
Gabe: Software.
Kostadis Roussos: moved to, scouted around. They went into Alcrist's room, but they couldn't open his safe.
Kostadis Roussos: That's when Glavagul asked… that's when Zaltier asked Glavagul if he could squeeze in, and Zaltier… Galavagul explained, this big. Not this big.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a 1-inch crack, not a… Fields.
Kostadis Roussos: Although Glavigold, now that he says it, although I guess I could have asked… I could have eaten through the safe. It would have taken a while.
Ben Pfaff: Well, this is a sort of,
Ben Pfaff: Out-of-the-box thinking that we need sometimes.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, you should keep that in mind, Zaltier.
Gabe: Darling.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… he goes,
Kostadis Roussos: I said, you know, we don't… walls don't stop us, I can eat through walls.
Gabe: I mean, I think if the goal was to be destructive, I could have just punched the safe, but we were trying to be sneaky.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Glavo Golf has… oh, good point.
Kostadis Roussos: Good point. Good point.
Kostadis Roussos: All right.
Gabe: So just to be clear then, we still don't know who the doppelganger or polymorph person was. Like, that's the main things remaining.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, while you're sitting there, in the.
Gabe: Sorry. Sorry. Just to double check, because I've lost the thread now, we were asked to figure out who murdered this guy, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Okay, so it doesn't actually necessarily matter that we don't know who stole from him, because that wasn't.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don'.
Ben Pfaff: No, that wasn't the question. I think that there would likely be linked.
Gabe: Well, maybe, we don't know that, but we do pretty clearly know who killed this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I mean, you suspect.
Gabe: Well, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, well, what can we do to… to,
Ben Pfaff: increase our confidence, I guess, then.
Gabe: Well, we already established that…
Gabe: I'm terrible at the names. The guy who gave us his key said he would help us. He could tell whether someone was telling the truth, if we had a suspect, and we brought him in for the interview, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Gabe: So, we could have him interview Alcrist with us?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Let's see… Do I have…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Do I have any.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you have one more out…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, all right, so just to be clear, you have two more rounds of things you can do. So, just so that you're on your… so you have… on your toes, there are people you haven't interviewed yet, that you may want to interview. There is a further interview with…
Kostadis Roussos: Al Christ, right? You haven't yet interviewed Al Christ.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so interviewing him would be totally…
Kostadis Roussos: We definitely should. And there are other pla-.
Gabe: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and then there are other places you could go look at,
Kostadis Roussos: So, I'm assuming we're going to do Alcra, so let's do that. Do you guys want to do it all as a group, or do you want to have… keep some backups in case you want to go see somebody else?
Gabe: Well, what else do we need to do?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you haven't spoken to Silvera, right?
Gabe: Well, yeah, she was frantic, but…
Kostadis Roussos: You haven't spoken to Bookworm?
Kostadis Roussos: Those are two that are kind of interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: I might be able to give you more proof around who is Alcres and what she's into.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, maybe… maybe we should split up and talk to all three?
Gabe: Just real quick, Christatis, in this universe.
Gabe: First, we think it's a weak polymorph spell, is that right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: And then in D&D, like, what do you need to polymorph into someone? Do you need…
Gabe: Like… Is this Harry Potter rules? You need, like, hair clippings or something? Or is this…
Gabe: Something else?
Kostadis Roussos: It's any creature you can see within 60 feet.
Gabe: Within 60 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so it's not that…
Gabe: Duration… so, but it's duration of 1 hour, meaning someone who would have been near her within an hour of the murder.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gabe: Oh, well, then interviewing her might be useful, if only to see who was around.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Also, don't forget, Silvara walked out very late from,
Kostadis Roussos: From, what's his name's room?
Gabe: You mean the real one, or the fake one?
Kostadis Roussos: The real one. She got into a shouting match with him and left late at the.
Gabe: Oh, I think that's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, that would have, you know, somebody who was spying on the room might have noticed her.
Ben Pfaff: You know, I… I can use Polymorph myself. I wonder whether, that could be useful for…
Ben Pfaff: Interviewing someone, posing as someone else.
Ben Pfaff: Did anybody have…
Kostadis Roussos: My pleasure.
Ben Pfaff: ideas?
Kostadis Roussos: That's always a possibility.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, while this is going on.
Kostadis Roussos: A clerk knocks on the door.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he says, hem!
Kostadis Roussos: Thorin? Is Inspector Thorin here?
Joe Beda: Yo, what up?
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to say I was really impressed with your investigative methods in the kitchen the other day, with the wait staff. Very thorough, deductive work.
Joe Beda: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and anyways, I wanted to share a paper that Kalen and I have read about the proper methodology of murder investigations. I think you might find it very interesting, especially in a world… in our world where the grounding of facts and details is very complicated. If you'll just… if you don't mind, I will just share it with you right now.
Joe Beda: Oh, you actually did the work, okay, to dig up why, like, you can't just magic away murder investigations, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I… I… I… It didn't work.
Joe Beda: I'm just saying, I imagine things are very different, that's all.
Joe Beda: But I, I, I, I… I applaud your research and your thoroughness. I'm interested to learn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, I'm going to share this.
Joe Beda: This is what I get for… Trying to be funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, no, no, no, no, no, it gets funnier, don't you worry. You inspired me. All right, I'm gonna put it in the Ember Grapple.
Ben Pfaff: Nope.
Ben Pfaff: Alright, take a look at it.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, he goes… Elian says, my boss, Callan Strongbench, was a big fan of this approach, and I'm telling you that there was pushback, there was pushback among people who don't want murders to be investigated. I don't know who the pushback is, but I'm telling you, there is something rotten here. I'll make you a bet that if you go looking somewhere, you're gonna find something that tells… that proves that this is… that this was the reason he was fired.
Kostadis Roussos: He was really upset.
Kostadis Roussos: by Jeninsi's reaction.
Joe Beda: Okay, wait.
Kostadis Roussos: Weathered something…
Joe Beda: So who was the boss? This was the guy that they, like, fired so that they could hire us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: And this is their methodology.
Kostadis Roussos: So, this says, Cal and Strongbench read this document, and it provides a methodology for doing investigations.
Kostadis Roussos: That deals with magic.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: I think we should work with him and give him all the credit. I mean, like, you know, that doesn't hurt us at all.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it doesn't.
Kostadis Roussos: Holy cow.
Joe Beda: Alright, this is… this is… thank you so much for the paper, this is too much for me to read, right now, but I will definitely study it, at an appropriate time.
Ben Pfaff: He goes from…
Ben Pfaff: This thesis here reminds me of what real-world magicians say, that, you know, people who do card tricks and so on, that one of the best ways to do something as a trick is to do something that would take so much time and effort that people just assume you couldn't have done it that way.
Joe Beda: Virtual familiar actually analyze and summarize it for me.
Kostadis Roussos: Eliana goes, well, I just want you to know that this research that… Carolyn was really committed to this kind of research, but his, like, but Pete, there was a lot of pushback. People said it was a waste of time. Anyway, I'm really… I just thought you might appreciate it, and think of it as a helpful way for you to get to the bottom of this murder mystery.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: I pause this. And by the way, if you do find it any useful, it'd be great if we could write a monograph together.
Joe Beda: I'm sorry, it would not be a monograph if we wrote it together.
Ben Pfaff: Right, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh! Alright, so what I meant was I'd write a monograph, and I'd acknowledge you, and you might be writing a preface saying what a great monograph it was.
Joe Beda: I'll write the introduction.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, if we worked together and claimed, and you said that this helped you solve the murder?
Joe Beda: Well, first we have to solve the murder, but I appreciate it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wait, no, no, and even if you failed to solve the murder, if you were just to write that if you had used these techniques, it would have helped you solve the murder, it would still be fine.
Joe Beda: I mean, how.
Kostadis Roussos: We approve.
Joe Beda: counterfactual, but I think that's a different, thesis, so, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I heard…
Kostadis Roussos: I just think having somebody of your stature of being involved in giving praise to this methodology would be… would do wonders for my… I'm sorry, for, for criminal investigations in Firoon.
Joe Beda: Alright, I appreciate that.
Kostadis Roussos: Too many people, if you ask me, are like, cast a spell, go find the murderer, and it doesn't work that way. I'm telling you, it just doesn't work that way.
Joe Beda: Well, I'm interested, even if we could, if we were able to actually make, you know, Speak to the dead, how do you know that they're a reliable narrator? I mean, what are their motivations after they're dead? We don't know.
Joe Beda: Because they're dead.
Ben Pfaff: Well, we can bring… we can bring them back sometimes.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, yes, I mean, we actually have a whole section on that.
Joe Beda: Okay, I'll… oh, the myth of the person… Okay, I'll have to look at it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, because it's just like, you cannot rely on… magic does not make evidence meaningful. It makes evidence adversarial.
Kostadis Roussos: So you have to collect different facts and combine them, and once you've collected all the facts using all of the tools, then you know what the truth is.
Joe Beda: But what is changing?
Kostadis Roussos: You can't.
Joe Beda: Exactly. Oh, wait, don't, don't, please, I don't need another…
Ben Pfaff: Once you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however unlikely, must be the truth?
Joe Beda: Yeah, there you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly! That's very good. Can I use that?
Ben Pfaff: Yes, I made it up myself.
Joe Beda: Do you remember the holodeck episodes from Star Trek The Next Generation, where they would do murder mysteries?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Alright, I appreciate this, this is fun.
Gabe: Actually, sorry, just real quick, I've been trying to piece together the timeline, and I'm possibly losing my mind, or maybe the AI is throwing me off.
Gabe: The notes say Silvara…
Gabe: the polymorph lookalike whatever was seen in the kitchens around at, says at, at 1AM.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: And she was seen coming down the stairs between 2 to 3 AM.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sure it may not have been a simple… may not have been a simple poly… may not have been a simple polymorph spell.
Gabe: Yeah, it must not have been. That only last an hour, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, it's probably…
Gabe: Something more is going on here.
Kostadis Roussos: Or whoever wrote the module does didn't bother to check on what a polymorph solved, or decided to create…
Gabe: That's why I'm asking you, is this a mistake, or does this mean something more is going on?
Kostadis Roussos: What I'm realizing is I have to now figure this out.
Ben Pfaff: Boy, what's the time limit on a normal polymorph?
Gabe: One hour.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Ben Pfaff: Well, maybe the cat.
Kostadis Roussos: to twice.
Gabe: Well, right, but if so, that would imply someone who went to her twice in the court span of 2 or 3 hours. I don't know.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, so I'm gonna… I'm gonna… I'm gonna ask, I'm gonna go ask Claude to go figure this out, give me a second.
Kostadis Roussos: And while we're doing that, we can figure out what else you want to look at.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna go with the… there was a special spell he… she cast, that they cast, whoever they use.
Ben Pfaff: Let's see here…
Kostadis Roussos: Mark.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yours says.
Kostadis Roussos: My friends, time is a wasting.
Ben Pfaff: You need to go…
Kostadis Roussos: We will… First of all persons.
Ben Pfaff: Somebody go talk to Alcrest. I see that there is something listed as a third-story apartment with an open door that we haven't even gone into. I'm gonna go look into that.
Kostadis Roussos: That's in Janusi's chambers.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, one of the things you did recall is that
Kostadis Roussos: We learned that there was a couple of… that the paperwork… the paper that wrapped the gift was introduced to these chambers, which you didn't pick up, and there might be some further evidence related to, Collins
Kostadis Roussos: the Calend that you may have not found, so it might be worthwhile to go back there and look for it.
Kostadis Roussos: So, even if there's nothing up in the third floor, going there.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I'll, I'll head up and check that out.
Kostadis Roussos: Yo, go check that.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so he's gonna go check that. What about, so he wants to go talk to Alcrist?
Ben Pfaff: Somebody shouldn't.
Gabe: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: Dragonborn…
Gabe: Dragonborn to Dragonborn? Like, intimate… yeah. I mean, I'm fine with that, but we should bring… what's his name? Callan?
Kostadis Roussos: Daryl?
Gabe: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, Kellen?
Gabe: Who can, cast the truth spell?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gabe: Yeah, Carolyn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna go bring Kellen?
Gabe: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so if I'm in our size.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna go have to hunt Colin down, so… We'll have to do that.
Kostadis Roussos: In a bit. So,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me go, let me go. So he runs off to go, to fetch Colin, so at some point in time, I'll return with Colin.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: does that… does anybody want to go talk to Sylvira?
Ben Pfaff: Weirdress.
Gabe: We should do that.
Kostadis Roussos: quorum.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: I don't know if I'm busy with the Outcris thing now, but if I have, I'll do that. No, you're not. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he's gone to go fetch Callan. Callan apparently has disappeared somewhere, and so Feminor has to go hunt him down.
Gabe: Okay.
Gabe: Happy to talk to Sylvira in the meantime, or whoever can.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, we'll start with that, and the other two of you can decide whether you want to join, Gregam, or follow up, or join, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: Brett is all here while she's talking too well.
Kostadis Roussos: I would… yep.
Ben Pfaff: When you… when you talk to Elkhrist, there's something in the list about what Elkhrist burned at the feast, so you should ask about that.
Kostadis Roussos: He apparently burnt something at the feast.
Ben Pfaff: That's what it says.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, that's a good… that is a good call-out. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You arrive at…
Gabe: Actually, sorry, one more question about the AI summary. Under Alcrist, the last sentence on Discovery 4 says, the murder, written down as a recipe. Is that poetry, or is it literally?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, point, point.
Gabe: We didn't find a recipe.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's poetry. It's… it's the… it's the… it's the book, it's the… it's Claude being poetic.
Gabe: Okay, just checking.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Storage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Alcrist is in his chambers. You, of course, he does not know that you were in his chambers.
Kostadis Roussos: He is very… I, and blah blah blah.
Gabe: Oh, we're doing Alprist, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: So we don't count.
Kostadis Roussos: is…
Kostadis Roussos: But, yeah, Callum is… Callum's gonna show up later, so you… oh, sorry, yes, Callum's gonna show up with Okra, sorry. Let's go to, let's go to Gregam, and so, Gregam going into Janus's chambers. Alright, so you go up into Janus's chambers, right? And, you walk in there, and you go up to the third floor, and it turns out it's a bit of a love nest.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, well, that's not shocking. We kind of heard that Janusi had these habits.
Ben Pfaff: I poke around, you know, maybe a little bit cautiously, because you never know if you're gonna find something that you
Ben Pfaff: Would rather not, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Well, it turns out you do find some.
Kostadis Roussos: You do find something.
Kostadis Roussos: You do find a note.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, a note!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I do.
Ben Pfaff: I, I, I read it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just, get it up for you.
Kostadis Roussos: You find a note.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sorry, that's not what I wanted.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I just need to get the note.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, don't do that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, do not do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I thought I had uploaded this document, but apparently I have not.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Ben Pfaff: Where are you putting it?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just… I'm putting it in the Discord chat. Sorry, there. Okay, I thought I had a little bit. All right.
Ben Pfaff: Oh boy, this starts out with some real, academic insult.
Kostadis Roussos: As well, I figured you might enjoy that.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, it probably says something about how his work is incremental later on.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm glad you enjoyed it. I've had to… I've taken my time to craft these. These are not slapped in me.
Kostadis Roussos: Took me a while to get the kind of style I like.
Kostadis Roussos: They're intended to sound authoritative. All right, so… so while you're, while you're doing that.
Kostadis Roussos: You're reading, through… you're reading through that, and what it's clear from those of you who don't read it is that, apparently, the reason Janusi wanted Colin fired is because Janusi was pushing for his new theory that… about how you should run crimes, and Janusi thought that was ridiculous.
Kostadis Roussos: And that it was solipsism, and that, quite frankly, he wasn't interested in creating all these rules and procedures so that Callan could go detect a murder mystery.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, this really points to, Callan.
Ben Pfaff: Pretty strongly.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so Callan's entire, you know, proposal for dealing with crime was, was, was blocked. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, while you're off doing that, the rest of you have an opportunity to… Daz, would you like to go talk to Silvaira, or to Sylvira?
Kostadis Roussos: Sure. She's, she's the… she's been the one who's been framed so far.
Daz: Yeah. -
Daz: Sure, let's do it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so apparently she has, she… apparently she replies to your interview summons by sending back a message that she has a bad case of the winter flu and would gladly welcome the investigators to her quarters instead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she… Don't touch anything.
Ben Pfaff: Folks while you're there, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As you arrive at the door, the door opens almost magically in front of you, and you notice a magical hand, a mage hand, that opens the door, or…
Kostadis Roussos: And while she herself is sitting up in the bed, wrapped up in elegant lilac-colored robes, she greets you as warmly as you can, but you notice a feverish sheen on her copper-red skin, lines under her magnetic golden eyes, and her blue-black hair is tangled and greasy.
Kostadis Roussos: She turns to request a familiar, Jezebel! Organize the chamber's seats in front of me!
Kostadis Roussos: And then she, as she sits down, says, some wine or coffee?
Daz: No thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: A faux fireplace blazes incandescent, making the room uncontrollably hot, but you notices that Silvara kept Fade from sugaring involuntarily over so often.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… so, I presume you would… do you sort of run your insight to see what you can see?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Yeah. She's deeply upset. She's shocked, and she goes,
Kostadis Roussos: She then starts to explain
Kostadis Roussos: that, I am willing… I'm willing to collaborate with anything, and I'm delighted, delighted that, that you are leading the investigation.
Daz: So, I'm just merely one of many doing the investigation, but I am curious if you have any
Daz: Ideas about who might want to frame you.
Daz: Or make it appear that you
Daz: Are the one that, caused this horrible tragedy.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes,
Kostadis Roussos: First and foremost, it's Donald Yashenti, whom I saw storm out of Janusi's chamber before my meeting, and moreover is in a drunk who is bitter, and having to sell off some of his worthless boy to fund a new library on the Great Wheel of the Plains.
Kostadis Roussos: You immediately recognize that that's to fund research and fund a library in her area of research.
Kostadis Roussos: Academic fistfighting is the same even in fantasy realms.
Daz: Yes, okay, so… academic inviting for the land.
Daz: Right, right, right. I'm aware of the intrigue around what happened in the room and everything else.
Daz: We're following up on those leads. I'm more interested in, is there anybody who's… specifically would
Daz: Benefit from you being out of the picture?
Daz: Is someone trying to take You out by framing you for this Murder.
Daz: That's not one of the people who actually, maybe.
Daz: Was in the… in the room, and arguing, or drunk, or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: pauses and goes, so wait, wait, wait, this is the first time she's heard about being framed. What do you mean, I've been framed?
Daz: Oh!
Daz: You're not aware that your likeness has been seen moving around, doing things that you couldn't possibly have done?
Kostadis Roussos: This is outrageous!
Kostadis Roussos: Are you here to accuse me of a crime?
Daz: I believe I said you were framed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but is that a trick of the tongue?
Kostadis Roussos: roll your persuasion to try to convince her. She's like, you know, rightfully paranoid.
Daz: Alright.
Daz: 19.
Daz: Alright, rolled a 19 today, actually. Yeah, 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so that's… that's a very… that's very good. She pauses, looks at you carefully, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if that was a trick that the drow use in Menzo Baranzin to try to twist the knife in their unsuspecting victims.
Kostadis Roussos: It was a poor one, so I will assume it is not one.
Kostadis Roussos: Two pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: And then says.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know who would have… I don't… I don't know. I mean, everyone knew that I had an off-and-on-again relationship with,
Kostadis Roussos: With book… with GenoC, and it could have been anyone, but I don't think you should mention it, Daryl is too much of a drug to pull off something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, that requires a level of planning and thought and care that he's never demonstrated in any of his research.
Kostadis Roussos: Two pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, the up button… Is Karazzarin Nyantani?
Kostadis Roussos: Could be more. Yeah, so she's… Well, I mean, she pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: And explains, I… before Janusi and I were a thing.
Kostadis Roussos: and on and off, and she starts crying hysterically. Kazrin Nanchani was his… was who he was involved with.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, if I was going to point my finger at that bitter old hag… at someone, it would be at that bitter old hag, who always resented Genesee for ditching her… ditching her for… in favor of me. This was MY fault she's a frumpy old boar.
Daz: Yeah, what I'm trying to get at is, are you just somebody of convenience that somebody thought they could frame, or do you have some…
Daz: big research…
Daz: proposal, or some big outcome that's about to come out, or have you uncovered anything recently that you haven't published yet, but that somebody may know about? Like, is there a reason to…
Ben Pfaff: Is there a motive here?
Daz: name.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, is there some reason why somebody would… None.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Encodes, no, she pauses and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps… perhaps, Daz, have you been long in the overbright?
Daz: Not very long. We've just gotten out of the Underdark, recently. I mean, I was in the Overbright before.
Joe Beda: I mean…
Daz: Born and raised, but, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I go… she goes, yes, well…
Kostadis Roussos: In the overbrights, people look at a tiefling and assume that a tiefling is an abyssal spawn.
Kostadis Roussos: They're actually technically correct that they're an abyssal spawn. And the fact that my area of research happens to be the infernal domains and infernal plains.
Kostadis Roussos: Further, it causes people to suspect me of crimes I've never committed. There is a lot of prejudice against my kind, and there's a lot of prejudice against me. And the fact that Janusi and I were a thing probably offended somebody else.
Kostadis Roussos: I was a convenient target, an easy target, a target that people would be willing to blame.
Daz: Okay. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Joe Beda: I mean, any drow will understand, what you're talking about.
Gabe: I don't know if I'm here, but either way, whoever is present, can someone ask if she saw anyone around 1 or 2 AM, or did someone see her, whether once or repeatedly?
Daz: Right.
Daz: I'll ask that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, let me just…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see, and since this is a critical piece of evidence, I need to…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, no, I can't say that I saw anyone.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, she pauses and says, not that that means anything, after my argument with Janusi, oh, that's my last words with him.
Kostadis Roussos: Power equipment?
Kostadis Roussos: She's distraught, Daz. We're gonna have to try to get her back on track.
Daz: Alright, so I'll, is that persuasion again?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, persuasion, deception, you know, intimidation, anything you want to try.
Daz: 16, persuasion.
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses and gets a grip of herself. You're right, you're right. We must focus on the problem at hand, capturing the person who murdered my love, and who is impersonating me.
Kostadis Roussos: She sneezes some more.
Daz: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she goes, perhaps, perhaps if I told you what happened.
Daz: Yeah, sure, go through.
Kostadis Roussos: Matt, as I see… I'll give you the timeline as I recall it.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, Hi!
Kostadis Roussos: Pelvin approached me to ask me to intercede on his behalf with Venusi to let him keep his job.
Kostadis Roussos: I assured him I would speak to Vinusi after the dead winter evening.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I quite honestly didn't bother bringing it up. Janusi was right to want to get him fired.
Kostadis Roussos: He was a clown, a boar, and his research was third-rate, at best. And, quite frankly, the money that we were going to make from selling his books was going to fund a fantastic extension to the Tome of Planetary Planes, which now will be… will be… will be broken. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: which is probably why, in my end-of-year meeting, which was at 11.30 PM… 11.30, rather, I saw the two of us spent the meeting discussing a new library dedicated to the Great Wheel of Planes.
Kostadis Roussos: It did end with an argument about a personal, private matter, but I never called him, a genus traitor.
Kostadis Roussos: He then talks about the dead winter,
Kostadis Roussos: It was the same drab affair, right down to the dishes as every year. At any rate, I didn't stay until the end as I started feeling the flu coming down.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Ben Pfaff: So this is, there was something about El Chris burning something at the feast. Does she know anything about that? Somebody should ask about it.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but just after she says that.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, oh, wait, did you ask me, did anybody see me after… around the… around that time?
Daz: Around 1 or 2 ago.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I did sneak out.
Kostadis Roussos: To visit my son.
Kostadis Roussos: I was desperate to coax him back into his Modocanan's nations, which I have constructed for him, for his own protection.
Kostadis Roussos: He… I tried gently at first.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so she was, she was definitely walking around at 1130.
Daz: Was she near… was she… was she actually the one that they saw next to the kitchen, or whatever it was?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: No, she categorically denies it, and she goes.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, she goes, honey? I would never drink honey. What kind of nonsense is this?
Kostadis Roussos: You also know about the, the lantern, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Holly Pocket saw the answer lantern. But the other thing you're getting is that
Kostadis Roussos: If she's out dealing with her son, that contradicts the possibility of her being with…
Kostadis Roussos: being the, being the other person, right? Does that make sense?
Joe Beda: So she has a verifiable alibi.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she has a verifiable alibi.
Gabe: How late was she with the son?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I was there… I returned to my chambers at around 12.30.
Gabe: Oh, so what happened after that?
Kostadis Roussos: I… my flu, I… I…
Kostadis Roussos: My son is… was born in the abyss, and is an abyssal spawn, and he infected me with an abyssal plague.
Kostadis Roussos: If you must know the truth.
Kostadis Roussos: And there are… sadly, my flu has worsened, and if anyone claims to have seen me after that, there are members of the avowed, great readers included, who foster hatred against me.
Kostadis Roussos: You should be looking at Teller's Avoste, not at me.
Gabe: Okay.
Daz: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Why don't you ask what Kellen's model, motto is, or motive is?
Daz: Yeah, what would be their… what would be their motive?
Kostadis Roussos: For… for TELUS?
Daz: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Or Callan, who… tell… I'll answer both.
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses,
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, well, first of all.
Kostadis Roussos: Tellez is, I am sure, I am sure that has always remained hostile towards Jedusi, after having been overlooked for Keeper of the Tomes nearly 20 years ago, despite being older, and generally considered more skilled practitioner of music, of magic. Just to be clear, jealousy is a powerful motivator for revenge. Murder.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So then she then pauses and says, as for Kaelin, oh, Kaelin's strong branches, do you see what it implied?
Kostadis Roussos: He had this insane proposal that he was going to add all sorts of controls and restrictions, and because he thought that was the better way to do… conduct murder investigations.
Ben Pfaff: It seems like it had a point, doesn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses and says, when I think about it, it was Bookworm who felt this was an absolute absurd proposition.
Kostadis Roussos: she was the one who told Janusi that, Kalen needed to… that Kalen… when Kalen… when Strongbench… when Janusi brought it up, Bookworm was the one who pushed hardest against it.
Daz: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And that is all… She… has to say that is of use.
Gabe: But, sorry, did she actually say what happened after 12.30? I mean, she said she was sick, but did she see anyone?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she stayed… she was… no, she… after 12.30, she came to her room, and she saw no one.
Gabe: Huh.
Gabe: Like, open windows or something?
Gabe: Like… The timeline suggests someone saw her right around 12.30, if not thereafter.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, well, I mean, 12.30 is a,
Kostadis Roussos: how do I express this? An approximate time. She didn't have a precise watch, but it was after midnight. How about I put it that way?
Kostadis Roussos: Not at 1, but sometime between… sometime, like.
Kostadis Roussos: In the latter half of between 12.30 and 1.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not like she had a wristwatch keeping track of time. Nor did she kill someone with midnight tears so she could be certain when midnight was.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Torin.
Kostadis Roussos: You… so, Thorin, you've got the whole skill of exploring places. I mean, there are some other places you…
Joe Beda: Do I? What skill do I have?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you did my stuff.
Joe Beda: Go on.
Ben Pfaff: Was… was there?
Kostadis Roussos: Anything else in the.
Ben Pfaff: department, or did I find the only interesting thing?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just… look, there was, there was a piece of paper that, canonically was not supposed to be an apartment, but that I put it in the apartment.
Joe Beda: Was this the wrapping paper, or a different paper?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, it was a wrapping paper.
Joe Beda: We can retcon that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we did.
Joe Beda: Alright, so the wrapping paper was found in the trash at the dining hall slash cafeteria slash whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so the graphic paper is, in fact, found in the trash bucket, but there's nothing of any significance on it.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll and invest… roll…
Joe Beda: We can't do, like, magic fingerprints or something like that.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, but what you can do is you can use mending, you can look at the paper, you can do lots of things to see if it was rewrapped, right?
Ben Pfaff: Oh, mending is smart. Let me see, do I have that one? I do.
Joe Beda: Investigation, or what do we need to do?
Kostadis Roussos: you're gonna cast one mending to reassemble the paper. Well, when you do that, the paper reassembles, right? So the torn pieces all come together. But what you realize… yes, yes, you know, it's kind of, like, all comes together, but what you realize is that there was another tear.
Kostadis Roussos: So somebody clearly had cut through the… I mean, this confirms the fact that somebody had cut through this.
Joe Beda: Or, it's like.
Joe Beda: Some of my friends who are, like, way too crunchy granola, and they're like, let's reuse wrapping paper.
Ben Pfaff: Is there a sign of what it was wrapped around?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it was wrapped around the book. It was a gift wrapped at the book.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay, the gift wrap for the deadly book.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. At this point in time, Alcist shows up.
Kostadis Roussos: North Carolina Strong Brunch.
Kostadis Roussos: Alcist, upon seeing Callum, says, My goodness!
Kostadis Roussos: Hi, you know, so Caltrus is a 33-year-old male bronze dragon.
Ben Pfaff: born, right?
Ben Pfaff: Probably a bit intimidating.
Kostadis Roussos: How particularly?
Ben Pfaff: No?
Ben Pfaff: Still an academic, then, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: See then, he's like, he's…
Ben Pfaff: He's probably got, like, the glasses with the lanyard on him.
Ben Pfaff: That sort of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: I was thinking more like Dragonborn TechBro.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay, so, so we're talking, like, jeans and, and black, black turtleneck.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, yeah, you know, like, very cool and hip, right? He's very young to be… to have such a high-ranking position.
Ben Pfaff: He's got the very latest iPhone.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, in this case, it would be the very latest, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: whatever goes as very latest among Candle Keep Avowed, but yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So you and Thorin are, are talking… are talking to him. I'll just… we'll go with the two of you there. He sits there and he says, he goes, so, my fir… yes?
Ben Pfaff: Well, I have been, like,
Ben Pfaff: That is… I'm in his apartment, though? Or no, it's Janusa.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, nevermind.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're in… yeah, I'm talking… so Alcrist shows up, and so Alcris and Thorin, you're standing in front of,
Kostadis Roussos: Of Elkhurst is standing in front of you.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he declares, ha! So, I see you have, it's, it's my time to tell the truth? Haha, haha!
Joe Beda: Yes, there's a few things that we would like to, ask you about.
Kostadis Roussos: Before I begin, let me just say… let me just say a few things. I…
Kostadis Roussos: I was a big fan of Genosi. His leadership quality, and my… and let's be clear, I had a fantastic, superb relationship with the man.
Kostadis Roussos: And I want you to know that I will…
Ben Pfaff: frustrating.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and I want you to know that I will miss him deeply and profoundly. His passing was a loss and a tragedy, and I cannot begin to express the gratitude of your willingness to step into this difficult time to find the owner, the criminal… the criminal element.
Gabe: Just double-check here real quick, did we have Callum start his truth spell thing?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going to assume yes.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So far, he hasn't lied.
Joe Beda: So yeah, we just have a few questions for you, if you don't mind, and yeah, we're happy to help for, you know, of course, the right remuneration. We are nothing if not,
Joe Beda: You know, citizens of the world, unlike those of you that exist in this temple to higher learning, not concerned with such
Joe Beda: race matters.
Kostadis Roussos: He, like, he misses the snark in that, and thinks you're being serious.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, that's the intent, right?
Daz: That's perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. He's, like, he's, like, pleased. He's, like.
Ben Pfaff: It's hard not to say that with a sneer, but but Joe tries.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I think Jordan.
Joe Beda: So, amongst the party here, there's 3 things we want to talk about. Like, what was he doing at the apothecary, what's in the safe, and…
Joe Beda: what happened at the feast, right?
Gabe: when delicately, because we're not supposed to know about it, but we need to inquire as to the book, the 1001 Tashalian Nights.
Gabe: Now, what.
Joe Beda: Which book was this? I'm sorry, I'm…
Gabe: In Alcrist's chambers, when I was sneaking through there, I found that he had the book, and the book gives this guide of how to kill someone through a gift of a poisoned…
Gabe: thing with the midnight tears. It's a how-to do this.
Joe Beda: So, I mean, at the end of the day, what does it matter if we search his room? It's not like they have a constitution here.
Gabe: Costatus implied that we broke something by doing that, and no one should find out that we did that. I don't know.
Joe Beda: Okay, maybe I missed that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you didn't… I mean, let me be very clear, like, you want to be thoughtful about how you make it known, right? So, for example, for example, the book isn't hidden from plain sight.
Kostadis Roussos: If you were to come up with a reason why, oh, this is a great book, I've heard so much about it, kind of thing.
Joe Beda: Are we in his chambers now, or where are we now?
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, you're in his… in the… in the… well, you could be in his chambers if you want.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you can, he… you're in his chambers, let's just say you're in his chambers, that's where he… that's where he wanted to conduct into.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the book is there.
Gabe: Perfect.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Joe Beda: But I just want to say, like, let's start with… I'd like to go over the timeline. Can you actually tell me what happened at the feast that night? What, you know, what was your participation? When did you leave? Where did you go?
Joe Beda: You know, just let's establish the who and the where during the, during the evening.
Ben Pfaff: Don't leave anything out.
Joe Beda: We won't hear it all. Please be…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: Please be candid.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He's under a zone of truth, right?
Joe Beda: Is that, like, the tone of silence?
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to read the rules. I need to read the… no, no, it's, it's a little bit different.
Ben Pfaff: It's the cone of truth.
Joe Beda: The cone of truth?
Joe Beda: Why do they always call it the Cone of Silence? Is it, like, from a point? Is it, like, this?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Don's cap?
Ben Pfaff: If you ever watch Get Smart, the episode.
Joe Beda: I do, I mean, I do love… I loved Get Smart as a kid.
Ben Pfaff: I believe they actually had a cone in that, huh?
Joe Beda: Yeah, it's like, it's such a shame that kids these days
Joe Beda: I'm so fucking old. That kids these days don't have reruns that are sort of, like, bullshit nostalgic, you know what I'm saying?
Daz: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so I first have to roll a saving throw to see if he makes it. If he does make it, you know he's lying, but you can still lie. Does that make sense?
Joe Beda: Gotcha.
Kostadis Roussos: And so… He blows the saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he can't lie. Alright, so ask your first question. What was your first question?
Joe Beda: Oh, I said, like, can you tell me your whereabouts and actions on the night of the murder, starting at the feast?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, starting with the feast.
Joe Beda: Or even before that. Let's, let's start, like, that entire day.
Kostadis Roussos: What exactly do you want to know?
Ben Pfaff: Tell us a little bit.
Joe Beda: Where did you go? Who did you talk to?
Ben Pfaff: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: well, I, I, I, spoke to Bookworm, About what?
Kostadis Roussos: Matt Genusi will be naming his successor.
Joe Beda: And who was that successor to be?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you rolled the Zone of Truth not in his presence, but you… Callan walks in with the Zone of Truth?
Ben Pfaff: He's, he's really,
Joe Beda: He's surprised by the fact that he can't lie?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, right, so I'm assuming that…
Joe Beda: Very disturbing for him.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He's going…
Ben Pfaff: Boy, this guy is, really having a.
Ben Pfaff: kind of problem.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I… I… he said it wouldn't be her, that it would be a lie.
Kostadis Roussos: I assumed… rather, I assumed it would be a lie, not… but it wasn't going to be bookworm.
Joe Beda: Okay. And what else did you talk about?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that was it. We talked about other things, and how disappointed I was in her… she is my beloved aunt, after all.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what I'm hearing here…
Joe Beda: You talked about the fact that Janice was gonna name, Alai as the successor and not Bookworm.
Kostadis Roussos: We just discussed how Bookworm was not going to be the successor. I was speculating about a lot.
Joe Beda: Okay. How did… you know, during your conversation, did you talk about how Bookworm knew that?
Joe Beda: He wasn't gonna be the successor?
Kostadis Roussos: She had a meeting with him where he said that?
Joe Beda: Okay, so she confronted him and said, you're not it. And… what was his demeanor? Was he upset about it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, so just to be clear, Janusi said to Bookworm that
Kostadis Roussos: Book Forum was not going to be the new leader.
Joe Beda: Okay, sorry, I'm confused. Yeah, I might get my pronouns wrong, because…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so the bookworm is not going to be the leader. Okay. Alcris is… Alcris is saying… is assuming it will be Ally.
Joe Beda: Okay. Was Bookworm upset about this? What was, what was their, their emotional state?
Kostadis Roussos: She was upset about this!
Kostadis Roussos: She's the right person to be the head of the… she's the right person.
Ben Pfaff: And what's going to happen to the succession now that Genucio's dead?
Kostadis Roussos: There will be a vote. I'm assuming there'll be a vote, as there usually is in such circumstances when there's an unnamed successor.
Joe Beda: Did Bookworm talk about any plans in terms of what to do with this news?
Kostadis Roussos: No, she was distraught and upset.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. She felt that it was her turn, And that's Jim and T…
Kostadis Roussos: betrayed her, there was, you know… she's my beloved aunt! You can see him sort of scratching himself, trying to, like, stop talking, right?
Ben Pfaff: And how do you think the vote's going to go?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I… well, I think we're… I think everyone will vote for a line.
Ben Pfaff: So you… you… Do you think that, Genousi's death won't actually change anything?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe, maybe not?
Kostadis Roussos: A lie, a lie is… but let me just be clear, I would be disappointed
Kostadis Roussos: If Eli… well, I would say… I would be very happy if Eli became the new keeper of the tombs.
Kostadis Roussos: Slumps down, exhausted.
Joe Beda: very hap… wait, really?
Ben Pfaff: You sounded upset a moment ago that it wasn't going to be bookroom.
Kostadis Roussos: Boy, she's my beloved aunt!
Ben Pfaff: You don't think she's the best suited for the role?
Kostadis Roussos: Under normal circumstances, yes, but a lie is the better choice now.
Ben Pfaff: What changed?
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, Well… Alterus spoke with me.
Ben Pfaff: Did, how did, Alcarus persuade you?
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, no, no, I'll say, Alcris spoke with, spoke, I spoke with Alai. I didn't… Alai spoke with him, Alagris is speaking, right? He goes, I went to find him to confirm that he was to be chosen as Genuzi's successor, and instead I learned that Alai was more likely to be exiled than named Keeper of the Tone, but…
Kostadis Roussos: My ideological opponent of mine was the most likely candidate.
Joe Beda: Wait, so after you spoke with Bookroom, you went and spoke with Eli?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Between the two meetings, I also spoke with Janusi.
Joe Beda: Okay, and well, let's take it in order.
Joe Beda: How did, you know, did you go immediately from talking with Bookworm to talking with Janusi?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it was my… well… it was 15 minutes.
Joe Beda: And what did you do in that intervening 15 minutes?
Kostadis Roussos: I waited outside for my meeting.
Joe Beda: Okay, did you see… why wasn't… do you know why Janusi wasn't immediately available? Was there somebody else in there with him?
Kostadis Roussos: I'd have to check the timeline, but my appointment was at 9.30.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Joe Beda: So maybe it was, what's-His-Face coming out after the whole, you know, book distraction or not, but we're not sure, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so… so you can go… so at 9.30 in the morning, he explains, he goes…
Joe Beda: Is it 9.30 in the morning, not 9.30 at night? Okay, so we're still early in the day, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, so Janusi, he explains that, well, Chris, the meeting was brief, but not productive. Janusi said he was…
Kostadis Roussos: Happy with my work, and he saw… No leadership potential in me!
Joe Beda: That must be difficult to hear.
Ben Pfaff: That he was unhappy with your work?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he said, my research into germ warfare was dangerous, and I should focus on other projects.
Ben Pfaff: And how has the peer review come out on your work?
Kostadis Roussos: And then, of course.
Ben Pfaff: Have you been getting into good conferences and journals?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he goes, he goes, I have… he's very… he very excitedly explains how his research is highly valued and respected in the field, and that, you know, that his research is game-changing and will alter… and that he says this is not about killing people, this is about understanding the process of using germs to cause death and destruction so that we can heal people.
Ben Pfaff: I feel like I ought to pursue that, but there's no evidence that germs were involved here, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You're calling it, they're all, they're all victims, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So anyway, so then, so do you want to… do you want to ask about the next thing that's obvious is to ask about
Kostadis Roussos: the, the, the, the murd… what, like, what actually did Al, Chris, and Alai talk about?
Joe Beda: Yeah, oh yeah, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Wait, no, this was…
Kostadis Roussos: They agree to…
Joe Beda: So we went and talked to… so the… the timeline is Bookworm, Janusi… And then, then I lied.
Kostadis Roussos: Chris speaks with Alvin, yes, and then…
Kostadis Roussos: After Ally did… so Eli said that he was more likely to be exiled than named Keeper of the Tomes.
Kostadis Roussos: Why was that? That seminar was the…
Kostadis Roussos: I'd have to go dig it up, but a lie…
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, apparently, Alcrist does not know.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But there was something about…
Kostadis Roussos: All Alcarus knows is that apparently Janusi was very upset with him, and that he wanted something, and that Alcarus felt it was utterly unreasonable.
Gabe: Just to confirm, Elih's the one who made the distraction, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Then, so then he says, so we agreed to meet at the baths, where we spoke to talk in France?
Joe Beda: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that.
Kostadis Roussos: We went to the baths, where they hoped to talk in private.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he proposed, so apparently… We're just pros talking to.
Joe Beda: growth.
Kostadis Roussos: Guys, it was… it was the locker room talk!
Ben Pfaff: So…
Joe Beda: Nothing strange about it, everybody's naked, it's fine.
Ben Pfaff: We also have Callan here, right? I'm dying to ask Callan about their reaction to Genusi's,
Ben Pfaff: Rejection of their petition.
Gabe: But, should we do that?
Kostadis Roussos: Janu…
Gabe: Afterwards, though? Like, because we want to interview August first, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, yeah, I just don't want to get dropped.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I'll make sure it doesn't get dropped.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, this is a good time to bring up the book, Zaltir.
Gabe: Am I here?
Gabe: I have no idea who's present, whoever's present!
Kostadis Roussos: You're here, you're here, you're here, you're here, yes, we are.
Joe Beda: I do have the telepathic link called the Zoom link.
Gabe: There you go.
Joe Beda: That allows us to all.
Kostadis Roussos: I assumed you're here, because you called Callum, that's why.
Gabe: Okay, great. Well, if I'm here, then, in the timeline, just to clarify, when is this Bath meeting?
Kostadis Roussos: 11.45.
Gabe: I'm pretty fat.
Kostadis Roussos: Well before… well before the distraction.
Joe Beda: Was this a workday? Do these people do any real work?
Ben Pfaff: I mean, they're academics, so it's debatable.
Joe Beda: I mean, that's an academic question.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, Alteris at this point goes, this is the day when we get our annual reviews!
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Ben Pfaff: We didn't know that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Budgets get set, future directions are set, you get to meet with the keeper of the toads, and he says, yay or nay to your research, your career is made or broken on this day. No, there's no work being done.
Joe Beda: I mean, Yay or nay, it's like a scale of 0 to 4, but really it's yay or nay.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point, Altres goes, you understand, foreign.
Joe Beda: Been there, buddy, been there.
Kostadis Roussos: In my case, it was definitely nay.
Joe Beda: Alright. You got a needs improvement, I'm sorry.
Ben Pfaff: No!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I gotta… it must be discarded and stopped, that my research, my researchers had so much promise, and skill and value was going to be shut down because people had concerns.
Kostadis Roussos: They didn't see the importance of the work.
Ben Pfaff: Ugh…
Kostadis Roussos: germ warfare, right? Zaltier, do you want to bring up the book now, or… or not?
Gabe: We've only gotten to 11am in the timeline, it still has, like, 12 hours to go, but… Sure, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just gonna, I'm gonna…
Joe Beda: We're finding out what really happened here, right, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: So I'm just trying to say, so then Alkra says that we met
Kostadis Roussos: In the baths, to discuss what needed to be done.
Kostadis Roussos: And he stops there.
Gabe: That's 11 AM.
Kostadis Roussos: 11.45.
Gabe: Sure. AM.
Ben Pfaff: I know when I have important plans, I go to the bath with my supervisor.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: does he describe what… what the nature of their conversation is, what they're planning?
Kostadis Roussos: We were discussing how to deal with our mutual problem of, Janusi.
Gabe: Say more. How did you propose dealing with him?
Kostadis Roussos: We proposed… I proposed a method that I had read in a book.
Gabe: Which book?
Kostadis Roussos: A famous, a famous book, one I was reading recently, and he's clearly trying not to point at the book on the shelf, but, like, he's basically pointing at it, because it's, like… it's like, you can see his hand reaching for the book.
Gabe: That one? 1001… Fascia, whatever it is, nights?
Kostadis Roussos: The last night, Tashalian Nights.
Gabe: that.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, yes, yes, yes, that would, that would exactly…
Kostadis Roussos: And remember, he's bookmarked the exact paragraph with the burger.
Gabe: Right, right, the part you bookmarked, is that right? So I can just look?
Gabe: No, so not the part that's bookmarked.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, that's the part, that's support! Don't look, don't look, don't look!
Gabe: Dramatically flip it open.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so he breaks down.
Joe Beda: Join this, aren't you, Gabe?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, does it naturally fall open to a particular place?
Gabe: Yeah, it's bookmarked at the midnight tears part.
Ben Pfaff: Midnight Terror.
Kostadis Roussos: So he goes, yes, I suggested to Janusi that we murder… we suggested to Altres that we murder Janusi using the Whisper… the Midnight Whisper spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Ally was… it was Ally's idea. I just threw it out there. He was the one… he was the real brains of the operation.
Gabe: Very good. So, how did you help in this plot, then? Talk us through the mechanics.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, we, we, we.
Ben Pfaff: I start my recording spell.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, I'll lie, and I went to the Oak Tree Apothecary, and I stole a vial from a top shelf.
Kostadis Roussos: In doing so, I spilled a ground peppermint on the counter floor.
Ben Pfaff: This is the part of the movie where they show what really happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, right. And then he goes, I went to the dead winter tree and wrapped Daryl's present for Janusi, covered it in midnight tears, and carefully re-wrapped it, rewrapped it.
Kostadis Roussos: I then tore the label off the empty poison vial and tied it to the back of the dead winter tree as decoration, and I was burning the vial's label using a candle when Irony and orange glass arrived to lay the table for supper. Irony was carrying a basin of water and decided to wash her… decided to wash his hands.
Kostadis Roussos: In case, I got any midnight tears about them.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's basically admitting to being the poisoner.
Gabe: Is that the extent of your involvement?
Kostadis Roussos: I… I didn't actually kill him, I just, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Put some poison on a book.
Ben Pfaff: Accessory before the fact, I, I note this.
Kostadis Roussos: What even is, yo?
Joe Beda: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: Furthermore, this is all under duress. I believe I am being entrapped. Yes, I am being entrapped. None of this will stand. Bookworm will reject these accus… I will defend myself and say that this was all… you have no evidence, but my…
Ben Pfaff: Entrapment is when someone tricks you into doing something. We're merely questions.
Kostadis Roussos: I am telling a fabrication that is under mind control. Yes, mind control, I tell you.
Gabe: Well, sorry, are you claiming to be under my control right now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm under mind control right now. All of these things I've said, they're so true, and yet so…
Ben Pfaff: Well, if they're true, then that's no problem, is it?
Kostadis Roussos: He's really trying, he's really trying to…
Joe Beda: Now, is Bookworm.
Kostadis Roussos: He's really trying to…
Joe Beda: In any case, in any way?
Kostadis Roussos: So, this is where, you'd probably… you'd prob… I mean, you could ask.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I'd say, you know, this scheme…
Joe Beda: What role did Bookworm play in it?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that little… my aunt.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she was so annoying.
Ben Pfaff: What did you do?
Joe Beda: So she was annoying. Yeah, I'll grant you that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so I show up at… after midnight.
Kostadis Roussos: happy. I bring two bottles… a bottle of the finest wine with two glasses, and I pour her some glasses, and I tell her that…
Kostadis Roussos: All of our problems have been solved with respect to genusi.
Joe Beda: And what did you mean by that?
Kostadis Roussos: All of our problems were solved!
Joe Beda: Because…
Kostadis Roussos: What I said was that he was poisoned.
Joe Beda: Okay, okay.
Ben Pfaff: They…
Joe Beda: I just want to make sure that we're clear here, you know.
Ben Pfaff: You had poisoned him.
Gabe: This is totally the Orient Express, so…
Ben Pfaff: One of those mysteries where everyone has a motive to kill someone.
Gabe: Well, but not just that, but I think then she tried to cover this up. So, okay, talk us through, what did Bookworm do? How did she react to hearing about the poisoning?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I was appalled, and we argued loudly.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And then she just stormed off!
Kostadis Roussos: I had saved this both! I had saved me, I had saved her, it was all gonna be great, and she just threw it all away!
Kostadis Roussos: Not taking advantage of the fact that Janusi poisoned himself.
Joe Beda: But Bookworm knew that you, at that point, that you were the one that poisoned Genusi.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's be specific that she knew that Genuisi had been poisoned at that time.
Kostadis Roussos: And died of poisoning.
Joe Beda: And she knew that you were the one who told her shortly after midnight that…
Joe Beda: your problems were over, and that Janusi had been poisoned.
Ben Pfaff: And.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Joe Beda: You did not explicitly say to her that you were the one that facilitated the poisoning?
Ben Pfaff: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: I may have said that I had solved the problems, but that doesn't mean that I poisoned, I simply said I had solved the problem.
Joe Beda: Okay, so what I'm getting to here is that Bookworm was not completely candid with us when we were given this particular case.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, and at what point did you go rip out Janusi's herd?
Gabe: That was Book Room.
Joe Beda: Well, we haven't…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm confused.
Joe Beda: the timeline, right? So, like, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: glad we heard that… Just to be clear.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, just to be clear, when you say that, he is very confused. Ripped out his heart? What? His heart was ripped out?
Gabe: Yeah, so let's go through the timeline. So you argued, she stormed off. What happened next?
Joe Beda: Oh, it's 7.34, by the way.
Gabe: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So just to… just to make sure that you… just to answer that question, Gabe, she storms off after midnight.
Kostadis Roussos: Sometime after 12 and 1230. He's left alone in her chambers, he's fed up, he's frustrated, he drinks some wine, heads back to his room.
Gabe: And, sorry, last question. Does he…
Gabe: Does he think Bookworm knows a powerful polymorph spell?
Kostadis Roussos: He starts laughing hysterical. A candle kit, finding a powerful polymorph spell is simply a matter of calling up the right
Kostadis Roussos: Goblin to get… got the right, avowed to bring you a scroll from somewhere.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so it's not like… it's not… it's not hard to find.
Joe Beda: That's not specific to any particular suspect, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so yes, finding such a spell is an easy thing. But yes, but the thing you know is that somebody who knew about the chalice.
Gabe: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so… and which, you know, knew enough about the chalice to know that if you place the heart stall there, it wouldn't… nobody would be able to find it unless you went looking for it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… So, yeah, so it's definitely looking like Bookworm had something to do with this.
Gabe: Yeah.
Gabe: There's 3 people involved, at least.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, again, remember, your goal is to find out who the murderer is, and so right now, strictly speaking, is Alcris the murderer, or is Eli the murderer?
Gabe: elkhrist?
Joe Beda: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: Julius Caesar.
Joe Beda: Right? It's like, you know, they all stabbed him.
Kostadis Roussos: But at this point in time, you're going, Jaducu's got, like, has to be the dumbest person on God's green earth. Goes and insults all of these magic wizards who have, like, all sorts of ways to kill.
Ben Pfaff: Well, academics aren't always…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're thinking to yourself, let me get this straight. So you're a… the keeper of the… the great keeper of this library, right? Surrounded by all of these very powerful lizards who have all sorts of extravagant ways to get rid of you.
Ben Pfaff: Well, it's clear that he may have high.
Kostadis Roussos: And, and where do you…
Ben Pfaff: Intelligence, but not high wisdom.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and not only do you decide to fire them, but you decide to trash somebody's research, tell somebody he's getting fired, tell somebody he has to cancel his research, right? All in the same day.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, you have.
Joe Beda: Otherwise known as a layoff.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, that's an angle you haven't checked. Maybe there were some budgetary pressures on Castlegate.
Ben Pfaff: Some riffs planned?
Daz: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Okay, well, I hope you guys have enjoyed the murder.
Joe Beda: No, this is a ton of fun, thank you.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I am.
Daz: Awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, the Zone of Truth was a shortcut to the murder mystery, I just want to be clear, that was a very well played…
Joe Beda: Definitely, like, you know, helped put a bow on it, but, I mean, we probably would have gotten there anyways. They all were looking pretty guilty.
Ben Pfaff: It turns out they were all guilty, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So the only question that remains is, what do you do with the evidence you've collected?
Joe Beda: I think we go to the guy that was fired, we give it to him, and let him clean house.
Gabe: He's here.
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, so he's heard all this, and we'd be like, dude, take it from here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright, okay, so I think that's a, definitely a, definitely a, a possibility. I will have to… so that's your, that's your thinking? I'm just asking…
Joe Beda: That's… I mean, that's my thinking, I don't know what the rest of the team here thinks.
Gabe: That's where I was.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll prepare… Okay. Yeah, because somebody's got.
Joe Beda: You have to clean up the mess, and who knows in charge, and all that, right?
Gabe: No.
Ben Pfaff: We could always decide to blackmail one or more of them.
Gabe: Great.
Joe Beda: And since we suspects, I'm gonna insist that we get a book per suspect. I mean, per…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and just to be clear, I mean, dad that wants information that is very hard to come by, blackmail may be a way to get that information.
Ben Pfaff: True.
Daz: It's always good enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: A lie even more is a drought. He might have information that Daz needs.
Joe Beda: There you go.
Joe Beda: I am the.
Kostadis Roussos: You think about that.
Joe Beda: mission in mind.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, you know, at some level, who killed whom at Candlekeep, that's details. What's going on with Daz is, like, important.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, in these murder mysteries, you often find somebody who treats blackmail as a kind of career.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Alright guys, I'm gonna let you go, because I have to get going with my day.
Ben Pfaff: This was fun. I enjoyed it. Thank you.
Daz: You guys later.